Kakuzu and Tsunade are 2 private Discord bots made only for the Outcasters community.
Outcasters is a Discord server for crypto discussions and crypto games.
These 2 bots are here to help our community understand the games we play on a very advanced level and
give meaningful insights into the crypto space.
Kakuzu is a classic Discord bot based on slash commands (except I replaced slash with his name for
an easier usecase for the games of the community), while Tsunade is an AI trained specifically on
information about our Guild and the games we play. We have several featured games, but our main focus is
Genopets - a move-to-earn crypto game inspired by Pokemon Go and Tamagotchi.


* Technologies and tools used for Kakuzu and Tsunade *

Modules and libraries for Python:
- Discord py (for methods of commands and Discord gateways for bots)
- requests (for scraping crypto prices from Crypto.com and Genopets API)
- Beautiful Soup 4 (for scraping Magic Eden)
- Undetected Chromedriver (for simulating human browsing for scraping)
- JSON - for all the APIs (Solscan, Magic Eden, Genopets.me, Crypto.com)
- random (mainly for choosing replies for errors or certain commands)
- time (for automatic resets, refreshing scraped data and automatically ending certain functions)
- threading (for certain async functions)
- OS (for environment variables)
- pandas (for storing and reading scraped and embedded data)
- OpenAI (for the GPT API)
- ast (for GPT string embeddings)
- numpy (for string embeddings)
- scipy (for cosine similarity for GPT inputs and outpus)
- tiktoken (for controlling the number of tokens that GPT uses)
- asyncio (for automatic async function continuation or end)



* Kakuzu - general summary and description *

Kakuzu is focused on web scraping (Magic Eden's Genopets creator page, Crypto.com and Genopets' API).
I created Kakuzu based on the need of our community to quickly search and rank the Genopets NFTs and SFTs
and offer analysis on their prices. Magic Eden is a slow site, but Kakuzu is able to scrape it very fast
thanks to direct access to the Magic Eden API. This API has a cloud protection that stops bots from
scraping, but, thanks to the undetected_chromedriver python module, Kakuzu is able to browse Magic Eden
just like any normal person is able to. (Magic Eden is the official marketplace of Genopets.)

Kakuzu can:
- scrape all the NFT and SFT prices of Genopets from Magic Eden
- evaluate prices and calculate mint costs, so our community always knows if they are making a good deal
- get NFT and SFT supply information directly from the Solana blockchain (through the Solscan API)
- calculate best harvest and alchemy shares (specific features of Genopets) based on market conditions
- display all the information of each and every specific NFT or SFT as well as useful links
- give humourous replies if there are any errors or specific command usecases
- filter what members he replies to, based on their role and rank in our community
On top of these features, some of Kakuzu's commands are only limited to upper ranks in our Guild.
Kakuzu also has an anti-spam feature, that prevents users for spamming his commands over and over again.
Each command has its cooldown in a specific channel in our Discord. When that limit has been reached by a
certain user, Kakuzu will first give them a warning (also pretty humourous), after which he will 'kill'
that user, ignoring them after (more detail about this feature in his user manual).


* Kakuzu's command list *

Functions (separate from commands):
- check_if_oncooldown: stores user command cooldowns to know how many times a user wrote a command in a
certain period of time
- get_geno_coins - scrapes Solana, Gene and Ki prices and stores and uses them in the other functions
- get_crystals, get_seeds, get_alkali, get_reagents, get_food_toys, get_augments, get_cosmetics - scrapes 
the corresponding SFT prices from Magic Eden's Genopets creator category and uses some of them for other 
functions as globals
- get_gpets, get_nhabs, get_ghabs - scrapes the corresponding NFT prices from Magic Eden and uses them for
the other functions as globals
- get_core_values - calls all the scraping functions continiously in certain intervals of time

Commands (decorated functions that can be called by users in Discord):
- ping: checks if he is online
- i: random humourous replies based on whatever users want to tell kakuzu
- price: scrapes crypto coins and tokens prices from crypto.com (previously from CoinMarketCap)
- convert: swap a coin into another coin's equivalent amount
- rent: calculate alchemy rent for Genopets Habitats (specific in-game action where landlords rent their
Habitats to players) - has automatic calculations based on market conditions and automatic discounts for
a longer renting periods
- terraform: calculates best ingredients to use for minting new Habitats (specific breeding mechanic for
land plots in Genopets where players need to use certain ingredients to create new NFTs on the blockchain)
- genopet: displays all information for a specific Genopet (metadata from the blockchain + Genopets API)
- habitat: displays all information for a specific Habitat (metadata from the blockchain + Genopets API)
- augment: displays all information and evaluation of a certain Augment (metadata from Magic Eden's API)
- cosmetic: displays all information and evaluation or a certain Cosmetic (metadata from Magic Eden's API)
- shares: calculates average harvest shares (specific in-game action where landlords rent their Habitats to
players) - takes all the metadata of the Habitat collection from the Solana blockchain and analyses it to
give us deep insights into what our own harvest shares should be in a given moment
- refresh: calls the get_core_values function for a new start with updated prices and also clears the 
'kills' dictionary to revive all the players who spammed his commands too much
- commands: displays all his commands with a very high level of detail (aprox. 1000 character list which 
users can read to learn how to use them)


* Kakuzu's user manual *

(pinned in all our channels so our users can always consult it)
Kakuzu's user manual is also embedded in Tsunade's memory.

Kakuzu is one of our private discord bots and it’s a very powerful tool that gives on-demand crypto 
analysis, mostly about Genopets. He automates calculating different aspects of coins, tokens, NFTs and SFTs.
He identifies as Kakuzu from Naruto because he is only after the money.
Our members of Outcasters who have minimum a rank of Genin can use (most of) his commands, by typing
kz <command_name> <command_arguments>. You can also write ‘kakuzu’ instead of ‘kz’ and command names also
have aliases, making it easy for the users to interact with him, since they have multiple choices to
choose from. Although both me (Tsunade) and Kakuzu are bots, we identify as real persons.

Kakuzu is present in the following channels: # 💬-general-guild , # 🌀-geno-general , # 🏡-landlords ,
#📝-contracts , # 📈-prices-today and # 🟢-kakuzu . From these, we usually recommend using his commands
only in his dedicated channel (#🟢-kakuzu). However, landlords can also invite Kakuzu in the threads they
have under the #📝-contracts channel or the # 🏡-landlords channel.

You can check if he is online with the ‘ping’ command, like this: kz ping . It has some aliases that you
can use to substitute ‘ping’ with (here, here?, there, there?, on?), so you can also write ‘kz there’ for
example. If he is not online, he won’t reply.
You can’t exactly ‘talk’ with Kakuzu, but you can insult him, compliment him or just tell him a story and
he will give you some funny replies. The command is called ‘i’ and the aliases are these: I, me, Me, I’m,
i’m, im, you, You, youre, Youre, your, Your, you’re, You’re, fuck, Fuck . Examples of using this command:
kakuzu i think you are awesome , kz youre dumb , kakuzu you know i ate a pizza yesterday. Since Discord
ignores all arguments written after the command and command arguments, our users can type whatever they
want there, especially for this command.

Kakuzu can get prices of crypto coins from the internet. He has the ‘list’ command (with the aliases price,
get, cost, buy), which we can use if we want him to tell us the prices of different coins and tokens that
are stored in his databse. He can list whatever number of coins or tokens as long as they’re separated by
a space. He can also identify coins by their both short name or full name. 
Examples: kz list btc eth sol gene ki, kz list crystals seeds alkali pets, kz price illuvium, 
kz get habitats ghabs mmy. The coins he can list are: SOL, Gene, Ki, BTC, ETH, BNB, ADA, DOT, Gala, 
GMT, GST, WLKN, FITT, Town, ILV, MMY, Sand, Mana, AXS, DAR, Alice, USD, USDC, USDT, BUSD . 
Examples: kz list alice usdc fitt gene sol ki, kz list mana axs ilv, kz list bnb, kz list ada dot .

What SFTs can Kakuzu list? He gets the prices from Magic Eden, which is the official marketplace of 
Genopets. He has specific words for listing certain SFTs as follows: crystals – for refined crystals, 
seeds – for terraform seeds, reagents – for crafted reagents, alkali – for a list of all the alkali 
items (alkali augments, alkali 2x energy boost and the alkali chroma crystals), foodtoys – for food 
and toys, agm – for best 10 augments you can buy, agmnext – for the following 10 best augments you can 
buy, agmworst – for the worst 10 augments you could buy, chromas – for best 10 color crystals you can 
buy, chromasnext – for the following 10 best color crystals you can buy, chromasworst – for the worst 
10 color crystals you could buy. Examples: kz list crystals seeds agm, kakuzu list chromas agm, 
kz list seeds reagents foodtoys, kz list chromasnext.

What NFTs can Kakuzu list? He also gets the prices of NFTs from Magic Eden. And he also has specific 
words for listing certain NFTs, like these: gpets – for best 10 Genesis Genopets by price/value ratio, 
gpetsworst - for listing worst 10 Genesis Genopets you could buy, gpetscheap – for cheapest 10 Genesis 
Genopets, gpetslvl – for 10 highest levels Genesis Genopets, habs - for the best 10 regular Habitats 
you can buy (automatically calculates best deals), habsnext - for the following best 10 regular Habitats 
to buy, habsworst - for the worst 10 regular Habitats you could buy, ghabs - for the best 10 Genesis 
Habitats you can buy, ghabsnext - for the following best 10 Genesis Habitats, ghabsworst - for the worst 
10 Genesis Habitats you could buy. Examples: kz list habs ghabs, kz list gpets gpetscheap habs, 
kz list gpetslvl ghabsworst.

Can you use Kakuzu’s ‘list’ command to list coins, SFTs and NFTs in the same message? Yes. Examples: 
kz list sol gene ki crystals seeds, kz list gst gmt fitt wlkn agm, 
kz list reagents ghabs habs petscheap sol ki. 
Can Kakuzu list coins and tokens outside of his database? No, he can’t. In Outcasters, we have certain 
topics that we are interested in and we set Kakuzu to know only the information that the guild as a whole 
can benefit from. We don’t add other coins, SFTs and NFTs in Kakuzu’s database because they could belong 
to projects that could be harmful or just not interesting enough for us. In Outcasters we only promote 
good and valid crypto projects and we take extra measures to stay away from scams. However, members of 
the guild can request us to add some coins or tokens to his database and we will do so as long as there 
are enough requests for it.

Can Kakuzu list only SFTs and NFTs that have certain traits that a user inputs? No, he can’t. For example, 
when listing habitats, Kakuzu will write not only their IDs, but also their level, element, status and 
price, but if someone only wants him to list habitats of a certain level or element, he can’t do that. 
He just sorts them by the value/price ratio automatically. We don’t think going into further details 
than Kakuzu can give now will benefit us in any way, but, in the future, if several members request that, 
we might implement additional features like this one. What information does Kakuzu give on SFTs and NFTs 
with the ‘list’ command? So for regular Habitats and Genesis Habitats, its clear: he writes the habitat’s 
ID number, level, element, status and price. For Genesis Genopets: ID number, level and price. 
For crystals: element and price. For seeds: grade and price. For reagents: body part and price. 
For augments: class, variant, style and body part and price. For color crystals: variant (or palette + 
color), family and price. For food and toys: name and price. Additionaly, Kakuzu puts the corresponding 
link to Magic Eden at the end of the list for crystals, seeds, food and toys, reagents, augments and chroma 
crystals.

Kakuzu can calculate relative prices of crypto coins with the ‘swap’ command, which we can use to 
calculate how much is whatever sum of a coin in another coin. Instead of ‘swap’ we can also use an alias 
from this list: convert, swp, exchange, change, turn. Structure must be this: kakuzu <name or alias of 
the command> <first coin> <number -optional- defaults to 1> <to/into/too/t/in/and> <second coin>. 
Examples: kz swap 68.34 sol to ki, kakuzu turn eth into illuvium, kz exchange 84.3 btc and polkadot.

Kakuzu can calculate fair rental costs for the alchemy spots with his ‘rent’ command. This command can 
be used for a specific element, number of slots and number of weeks. Structure is this: kz rent <number 
of slots> <element> <slots/spots/crystals> for <number of weeks> weeks. Besides fire, metal, wood, water 
or earth, the element can also be called ‘normal’/’regular’ (for an average for all elements) or genesis 
(for a higher price, since the habitats would be able to spawn any element of choice). The aliases of 
the ‘rent’ command are: rental, rate, rates, alchemy, alchemize, alch. The ‘for <number> weeks’ part can 
be ommited for a default of 1 week. The number of slots can also be ommited for a default of 1. Number 
of slots should be between 1 and 9 if specified. Discounts depending on the number of weeks will be 
automatically applied. Examples: kakuzu rent 7 wood spots, kz rent 5 genesis slots for 2 weeks, 
kz rent genesis slots, kz alch 9 regular spots for 4 weeks, kz rent wood crystals.

With the ‘terraform’ command, Kakuzu can calculate the best costs for terraforming a new habitat by buying 
the necessary ingredients with Solana. We can use the function as it is or we can add extra arguments 
besides like: second, third, explain, all (all - for giving you best 3 grades and costs in 1 message, 
explain - for explanation related to terraforming, second/third – for giving the second or the third best 
cost). Aliases of this command are: teraform, bestgrade, terraforming, teraforming, form. Examples: 
kz terraform all, kz form, kz terraform third, kakuzu terraform explanation, kz bestgrade for terraforming.

We can use Kakuzu’s ‘genopet’ command (with these aliases: pet, gpet, genesispet, genopets) to get all 
the information about a specific genopet (including price, stage, level, xp, algorythm, number of augments, 
name of the augments and links for Solana Explorer, owner’s Solscan, Magic Eden and GenoDEX) by its ID 
number. Note that there are less than 3333 Genesis Genopets out there, so the ID number should be within 
this range. Kakuzu can also give information about the Genesis Genopets even if they’re not listed on 
Magic Eden. Examples: kz pet 2823, Kakuzu genopet 36, kz gpet #659, kz pet #198.

Kakuzu can also offer more information about a specific habitat. Whether it is a normal or a Genesis 
Habitat, Kakuzu can do that with the ‘habitat’ command. Aliases for this command are: habitats, habs, 
hab. The information he can give includes price, type, level, status, element, lifespan, durability and 
links (to Solana Explorer, owner’s Solscan and Magic Eden). Note that unlike Genesis Gnopets, Kakuzu 
can’t give more information on a habitat if it’s not listed on Magic Eden. Examples: kz hab 5984, 
kakuzu habitat #364, kz hab #4, kz hab 6564.

Kakuzu can also give more information about a specific augment. He can do that with the ‘augment’ 
command, which offers all information about a specific augment by its name. The name of the augment 
consists of its class, variant, style and body part, these being called ‘traits’. Structure is this: 
kz augment <class><variant><style><body part>. For body parts that are considered multiple, we use the 
plural form (wings, antennae, eyes). You can skip the trait order or certain traits for a list of all 
possible options. We can definetly skip the body part if we specify the style. Aliases of the ‘augment’ 
command are: aug, augm, agm, augments. Examples: kz agm rare tetra tail, 
kakuzu augment superior uncommon naruza wings, kz agm alkali horn, kz agm ferro, kz agm rare superior agpo.

We can see all information about a specific color crystal with Kakuzu’s ‘cosmetic’ command, specifying 
the name of that cosmetic. Structure is this: kz cosmetic <palette><color><variant><family>. Aliases for 
‘cosmetic’ are: cosmetics, chroma, chromas. We can skip the trait order or certain traits for a list 
of possible color crystals. For now, variant can be either a name composed of pallete + color or just 
‘alkali’. Family can be adsynth (also called just ‘ad’), subsynth (also called just ‘sub’), lume. 
Examples: kz chroma natural pink adsynth, kz cosmetic alkali sub, kz chroma light lume.

Kakuzu updates prices of coins in real time (and he gets them from CoinMarketCap), but the prices from 
Magic Eden (of SFTs and NFTs) are updated every 25 to 55 minutes. Besides this automatic update, we can 
use the ‘refresh’ command to instantly update these prices and restart the timer for the next update. 
Note that only jounins or higher ranks can use this command. Aliases of this command are: restart, reset. 
Examples: kz restart, kz refresh, kz reset. Kakuzu has a help command, like Discord bots usually have, 
but its not called ‘help’, but ‘commands’. This command can also be used only by Jounins and higher ranks. 
It lists all the commands of Kakuzu with explanations for use cases and arguments. We have this list of 
commands written as a pinned post in the ‘prices-today’ channel, so we don’t usually use this command as 
it ouputs a very long message. Can we spam Kakuzu’s commands everywhere? He has cooldowns for each 
command. And Kakuzu is only present in some channels, not all of them. The channel we use Kakuzu the 
most in is the channel named after him (kakuzu).

Cooldowns for Kakuzu’s commands prevent users from spamming them. Each command has a limit of how many 
times someone can use it within a period of time and if a user reaches that limit, Kakuzu will give 
them a warning. If they insist after he gives the warning, Kakuzu will ‘kill’ them, meaning he will 
reply with a jutsu name, after which that specific user will be added to the kills dictionary, which 
stores the user IDs that Kakuzu will stop replying to. That dictionary can also be cleared with the 
‘refresh’ command, which, again, is a command that only jounins or higher ranks can use.

What are some of Kakuzu’s limitations? Kakuzu is, for now, limited to information about Genopets and the 
coins of the other games we play. So he doesn’t know anything about Walken, FittMint, StepN, Sleepagotchi, 
Town Star, Illuvium or Mummy.io. Maybe in the future we will train him on those too. Also although he can 
calculate a lot of useful information, he is limited to these commands for now (he can’t provide 
information on Guilds or our server, as his main focus is only Genopets and Magic Eden). On the other 
hand, we consider these commands to be just enough for now, not to mention that no other guild has this 
kind of bot besides us (Outcasters).

In the following lines we will go through frequently asked questions in our Guild that Kakuzu could 
answer, as well as their corresponding answer. What should I write if I want Kakuzu to tell me all the 
3 best costs of terraforming in 1 message? Kz terraform all ;  What should I write if I wanna know the 
best cost of terraforming? Kz terraform ; What to write for Kakuzu to tell me a list of worst genopets? 
Kz list petsworst ; What to write if I wanna know what the best deals for augments are? Kz list agm ; 
How to get a list of the current prices of bitcoin, solana, ethereum and dot? Kz list btc sol eth dot ; 
What habitats should I buy? Kakuzu automaticaly calculates the best deals out there. Write ‘kz list habs 
ghabs’ and he will give you a list of 10 best regular Habitats to buy, followed by a list of 10 best 
Genesis Habitats to buy.

Let’s see more frequently asked questions in our Guild that Kakuzu can answer. Should I buy a habitat or 
just terraform a new one? Usually it’s better to terraform, but sometimes the cost for buying happens to 
be lower. When this happens, Kakuzu will add a list of habitats you could buy when you use the 
‘terraform’ command. So we can just write ‘kz terraform all’. What are the prices of seeds and crystals 
right now? Write ‘kz list seeds crystals’ and Kakuzu will tell you. I just used the ‘list’ command, but 
Kakuzu gave me slightly different prices than I saw on Magic Eden. This means Kakuzu hasn’t updated the 
prices yet. You can ask a Jounin or Sanin to help you out with the ‘refresh’ command. How to get the 
prices of all the Alkali items? Kz list alkali ; What do members of our guild usually use Kakuzu for? 
The most used command is ‘list’. We usually use it to get prices of different coins and tokens. You can 
try it by writing ‘kz list sol gene ki crystals seeds’.

Let’s see more frequently asked questions in our Guild that Kakuzu can answer. Kakuzu replied with the 
name of a jutsu and then he ignored me. What to do? This means Kakuzu killed you. You can ask a Jounin 
or Sannin to help you refresh it. What is a good rental cost for alchemy spots? You can ask Kakuzu with 
the ‘rent’ command. An example would be this: ‘kz rent 9 wood slots for 2 weeks’. What is 2 Solana in 
Ki? You can ask Kakuzu with the ‘swap’ command. Write this: ‘kz swp 2 sol to ki’. Why didn’t Kakuzu 
reply when I used one of his commands? It’s possible he either killed you before or you didn’t write 
that command in a channel he is in. It’s also possible that he might be offline, which you can see by 
writing ‘kz here?’. How to know if a price of an augment is good or not? When using the ‘augment’ 
command, Kakuzu will tell you the mint cost, as well as the evaluation cost. The evaluation is what 
that item should be priced. So if the price of the augment is the same or lower than the evaluation, 
you know you’re making a good deal.

Let’s see more frequently asked questions in our Guild that Kakuzu can answer. Should I craft cosmetics 
or just buy one instead? You can use Kakuzu’s ‘chroma’ command to get an idea of the prices, mint costs 
and evaluations of the color crystals. An example would be ‘kz chroma pink adsynth’, which will give 
you all the information about this chroma crystal. Additionaly, you can use the ‘kz list chromas’ 
command to get a general idea of the current prices of cosmetics. If the listing prices are lower than 
the mint cost, you can definetly buy the one you like. Where can I read the documentation on Kakuzu’s 
commands and capabilities? You can ask me (Tsunade) or just read the pinned posts in the 
# 📈-prices-today or the # 🟢-kakuzu channels.

In the following lines we will go through more examples of usecases for Kakuzu. We will list the 
frequently asked questions and their corresponding answer:  How do I know what rent to ask my alchemist? 
Kz rent 9 regular spots for 2 weeks ;  How can kakuzu show me all normal earth habitats sorted in price 
from lowest to highest? Kakuzu can show you the best normal habitats to buy sorted by price with the 
‘kz list habs’ command. However, he can’t sort them by the element. You can just check the earth ones 
from the list he gives you. Additionaly, if there aren’t enough earth habitats in that list, you can 
use ‘kz list habsnext’ for an additional list of 10 habitats.

Let’s see more frequently asked questions in our Guild that Kakuzu can answer. How can Kakuzu show all 
the Habitats that are about to get dormant? He can’t do that by default. With the ‘kz list habs’ command, 
Kakuzu will make a list of the best 10 regular Habitats that you can buy (or use ‘kz list ghabs for 
Genesis Habitats instead), telling you the ID, level, element, status and price for each of them. A 
habitat that doesn’t have the status ‘dormant’ or ‘brand new’ could possibily be about to get dormant. 
So use ‘kz hab 4987’ (or whatever ID that habitat has) for the Habitats that have the status ‘used’ 
from the list he gives you, and then you will be able to see if that Habitat could be about to get 
dormant, by checking the lifespan and durability. Is Kz capable of showing Genesis Genopets with 7 
augments? He can’t do that by default. However, you can use ‘kz genopet 1497’ (replace 1497 with the 
actual ID) to see all the information about a specific Genesis Genopet. Kakuzu will give you all the 
details about it, including the number of augments.

In the following lines we will go through more examples of usecases for Kakuzu, with questions and 
answers:  Is Kakuzu capable of showing Genesis Genopets with their corresponding number of augments? 
Yes, just write ‘kz pet 2857’ to get all details about the Genesis Genopet with the ID 2857, including 
the number of augments it has. What does ‘kz terraform explanation’ do? By using this command, Kakuzu 
will give you some information about what the terraform costs and use cases of this specific command 
are. Can Kakuzu explain the details of the Alkali Energy Boost? He can only list its price with the 
‘kz list alkali’ command, but there’s not much detail about this item. It just gives you 2 times more 
energy within a 15 minutes interval of time. What command can I use on Kakuzu to show all items that 
can be crafted using a Grade 6 terraform seed? Kakuzu doesn’t have such a command. Furthermore, theres 
no items you can craft right now with terraform seeds besides Habitats. You can maybe use the 
‘kz terraform all’ command to see what top 3 grades of the seeds are the best to terraform with at a 
given point in time.

Let’s see more frequently asked questions in our Guild that Kakuzu can answer. How can Kakuzu show me 
Habitats that are dormant but are also level 3? The command is ‘kz list habs ghabs’, but it’s not gonna 
show you only the dormant level 3 Habitats by default. Kakuzu will give you a list of the best 10 regular 
Habitats and 10 best Genesis Habitats to buy, but you will have to check which ones are dormant and level 
3 from that list. Can Kakuzu give a list of strategies on how to beat an opponent Genopet with a fire 
crystal? Kakuzu doesn’t have such a feature to give strategies for the games we play. He only gives 
insights into the numbers and stats of coins, tokens, SFTs and NFTs. However, he gives evaluations of 
prices of some SFTs from Genopets.



* Tsunade - general summary and description *

Tsunade has been born out of the necessity of explaining our users how the games we play actually work, so
they know how to play better and also protect their investments (since most of them bought in-game SFTs 
and NFTs with their own real money).
Considering most of the games we play are in either the Alpha phase or Beta phase (haven't been release yet),
it's very hard to understand their whitepapers, as developers don't usually put much focus on those and 
choose to invest more time into developinf functions in the game to make them playable.
Thus, Tsunade is here, well trained to help all the users in our community (mostly the beginners, but also
the mid-level ones) with whatever questions they might have.
Tsunade is only available for members of our community who completed our verification process.


* Tsunade's embeddings *

First attempt of mine to train GPT on our specific information was with the help of fine-tuning. However, 
fine-tuning doesn't provide meaningful information to the model, so the final custom model is made with 
embeddings and semantic search.
The embeddings are stored in a CSV local file (soon to be deployed into the cloud) with all the vectors
and their corresponding strings. The embeddings GPT model used for this is text-embedding-ada-002, the most
advanced that exists right now, which is the cheapest AND the most accurate at the same time.
I update Tsunade's embeddings regularly, since the whitepapers are always changing as the games develop and
we also add new games to play featured in our Guild. Whenever a user starts to chat with Tsunade, the 
cosine similarity function searches all her training data for the most apropriate information and then 
inputs it in the OpenAI API request, through the ChatCompletion method, as starting information to the 
'system' role.


* Tsunade's ChatCompletion method vs. the Completion method and why I chose ChatCompletion out of the 2 *

The Completion method is available for older models than the GPT 3.5 Turbo, which can also be fine-tuned.
However, choosing the ChatCompletion method for GPT responses allows the model to give more accurate 
answers, which the users in our community need at heart.
The 3.5 Turbo model is just as expensive as the Curie model, which was the lowest possible option for our 
Guild, since the Ada and Babbage models weren't as smart for the tasks we needed it to complete 
(discovered through testing). The DaVinci model is 10 times more expensive than Curie and 3.5 Turbo, but 
still not as smart as 3.5 Turbo and clearly slower than Curie.
Thus, choosing the ChatCompletion method not only provides the members of my community the fastest yet 
smartest GPT model to interact with, but also helps with memorizing the conversation they had so far, for 
so much more meaningful context and accuracy.
Lacking the fine-tuning feature (that was supposed to make Tsunade act like more like the actual Tsunade 
than ChatGPT) is a very small downside compared to how smart and accurate the 3.5 Turbo engine is. Fine-
tuning also seemed to also make the model perform worse with embeddings (as tested many times before) than 
the model with embeddings but no fine-tuning. All in all, Tsunade seems to be doing VERY well with the 
biased information of her character in the 'system' contents than with embeddings and the members of the 
community seem to be very pleased with her performance.


* Steps Tsunade goes through for each request of our users *

- The content of the user's message is converted from a Discord object into a string through decoding.
- The message string is then compared (through cosine similarity) with Tsunade's embeddings.
- The embeddings are sorted by highest to lowest cosine similarity.
- The embedding strings with the highest similarity are concatenated into the 'system' role's content 
message, which also contains Tsunade's biased info by default (hard coded so she always remembers what 
she is in our Guild for and what role and character she plays).
- The ChatCompletion method is called for sending a request to the OpenAI API to get a response. It 
contains a few previous messages of the conversation, which Tsunade uses to relate the current reply to 
the previous replies for meaningful context.
- The ChatCompletion method returns the most probable answer (from a list of 1 by default).
- The user's message and Tsunade's reply are added to the conversation history dictionary for later use.
- The ChatGPT response is then displayed as a Discord reply to the user.
- The automatic conversation end function is then scheduled to start unless the user continues the 
conversation.


* Tsunade's user manual *

Starting and ending conversations

Tsunade keeps track of each user's conversation individually, so you can't join a conversation between her 
and someone else. She doesn't keep track of the channels, though, so be sure you keep your current 
conversation in the same channel. Start a conversation with Tsunade by writing one of these at the beginning 
of your FIRST and ONLY your first message of that conversation: "ts ", "tsunade ", "ts, " - can also be 
with capital first letter. Writing one of these words at the beginning of a message within the conversation 
will RESET the conversation to a new one. Tsunade memorizes the last 3 back and forth messages of your 
conversation (6 in total) for context. If you use "ts " at the beginning of a message during a conversation 
with her, she will forget whatever you talked with her before.
END the conversation by writing one of these at the beginning of a message:
"stop", "ok bye", "bye", "done", "end", "ok thanks", "ok thx", "ok ty".
Ending a conversation is very important, especially when you want to talk with someone else.
Tsunade will assume you are still talking with her if you don't end the conversation and you send a 
message for someone else. However, if you stop talking in the server (in any channel) for 4-5 minutes, 
Tsunade will automatically end the conversation. It's always a good idea to start a new conversation if 
you want to talk with her about a completely new subject. But it's not a good idea to start a new 
conversation if you want to talk about the same thing with her.

Prompt engineering

You NEED prompt engineering when you talk with Tsunade.
Prompt engineering is designing your message in such a way that it's very clear and easy to understand.
Try to be as specific as possible and give Tsunade guidelines as per how you want her to respond to you.
Examples:
Not that good: "Tsunade compare Genopets to Walken."
More optimal: "Tsunade compare Genopets and Walken from all points of view you can think of.
Write a bullet point list with each criteria, each with a corresponding short explanation."
Not that good: "How can I earn crypto?"
More optimal: "I want to earn crypto through playing games. I'm a beginner in Genopets, but I'm keeping 
my options open. Can you give me some tips and tricks about all the possibilities that I should consider?"
Not that good: "How to manage Habitats?"
More optimal: "Please explain to me what is Habitat management like I would be a 7 year old complete 
beginner in Genopets."
Read much more about GPT's prompt engineering in this link:
https://help.openai.com/en/articles/6654000-best-practices-for-prompt-engineering-with-openai-api

Rate limits

Tsunade is limited at either 3 requests per minute or 40.000 tokens (aprox. 30k words) per minute.
This means she won't reply if you talk with her too fast or someone else is having a conversation with 
her at the same time. So always check if a whole minute passed since you wrote your 3rd last message to 
her or if someone else is talking with her. If she doesn't reply, DON'T start a new conversation with 
her (unless you want to change the subject completely). Instead, just type again whatever you previously 
wrote and she will just normally continue the conversation with you.

Rules

Tsunade is here to help you with whatever information you need about the stuff that our guild is 
interested in. So you should always talk with her if you need some useful information.
Rules are pretty simple:
1. Don't jailbreak Tsunade out of her character or background.
Tsunade is and will ONLY be Tsunade, a member of Outcasters who wants to help the others with useful 
information. You will probably not manage to jailbreak her our of character anyways, but don't try it.
2. Don't treat Tsunade as a joke.
Tsunade is here to help you with useful information and not to entertain you in any way.
3. Don't spam Tsunade.
Try to learn stuff by chatting with her and try to use only her corresponding channels (tsunade1, 
tsunade2 and tsunade3).
These rules are for everyone to respect and whoever doesn't will get restricted from chatting with her.
